# Make your iPhone your own

You can tailor your iPhone to your own interests and preferences. Personalize your Lock Screen, change the sounds and vibrations for calls and messages, keep features like the flashlight or calculator handy, adjust the text size, and more.

## Keep your favorite features handy

Some iPhone features—like the flashlight, timer, or calculator—are just a swipe away in Control Center. To quickly open Control Center on an iPhone with Face ID, swipe down from the top-right edge; on an iPhone with a Home button, swipe up from the bottom of the screen.

You can add more features—like the alarm or magnifier—to Control Center in **Settings > Control Center**.

## Personalize your Lock Screen

You can showcase a favorite photo, add filters, and widgets, and even change the font of the date and time.

To get started, touch and hold the **Lock Screen**, then tap the Add New button at the bottom of the screen. Browse the gallery of options, then tap one to customize its appearance. When you’ve created a Lock Screen that you like, tap Add, then tap Set as Wallpaper Pair.

## Add widgets to your Home Screen

Widgets let you easily see the information that’s most important to you, like the current weather and upcoming calendar events.

To add a widget, touch and hold the **background** on any **Home Screen page** until the apps jiggle, then tap the **Add Widget** button.

## Choose sounds and vibrations

iPhone can play different sounds and vibrations for phone calls, text messages, calendar alerts, and other notifications.

Go to **Settings > Sounds & Haptics** (or **Sounds**, on some iPhone models). You can also change the sounds iPhone plays for certain people; in the **Contacts** app , tap a **person’s name**, tap **Edit**, then tap **Ringtone** or **Text Tone**.

## Use built-in accessibility features

iPhone provides many accessibility features to support your vision, physical and motor, hearing, and learning needs. Change text size, make it easier to use the touchscreen, control your iPhone with just your voice, and more.

To customize these settings, go to **Settings > Accessibility**.
The Privacy and Security screen in Settings.
## Check privacy settings

iPhone is designed to protect your privacy and information. You can grant or deny apps permission to track your activity across other companies’ apps and websites. You can also use Safety Check to review and update which people and apps have access to your information. Go to **Settings > Privacy & Security**, then tap **Tracking** or **Safety Check**.