## WD000007
Updated By Tyler Smith 09-01-2023  
Rating: 85%

# Use iPhone for your daily routines
While you’re going about your day, you can use the apps on your iPhone to get directions, make purchases, and control accessories in your home. You can also silence notifications while you’re driving or working, or allow only specific notifications related to what you’re focused on.
  
## Get directions to your favorite places
---
Whether you’re walking, driving, or biking, you can use the Maps app  to get directions to places you visit frequently, like your home or your favorite café, without entering the address every time.

In the **`Maps app`**, tap the **`Add`** button in the row of Favorites, then add a location.
  
## Set up a virtual wallet
---
Keep your credit cards, transit passes, vaccination cards, and more in the Wallet app  on your iPhone. When you add a credit or debit card to Wallet, you can use it to make secure payments in stores and online, and send and receive money from friends and family.

To add your first card, open the **`Wallet`** app, tap the **`Add Card`** button, then follow the onscreen instructions.
  
## Stay focused
---
Whether you’re driving, working, or just need to step away from your iPhone, you can set up a Focus to temporarily silence notifications that don’t match your task—and let other people know you’re busy.

Go to **`Settings > Focus`**, then choose the Focus you want to use, or tap the **`Add button`** to create your own.
  
## Reminders when you need them
---
You can use the Reminders app  to make to-do lists for tasks around the house and projects at work. You can even get a reminder about something when you arrive at a certain location.

To create your first reminder, open the **`Reminders`** app, then tap **`New Reminder`**.
  
## Forgot to turn off the lights?
---
With the Home app  on iPhone, you can securely control HomeKit-enabled accessories, such as lights, smart TVs, and thermostats from anywhere. You can also create automations that simplify your normal routines, like automatically turning on your entryway lights when you arrive home at night.

To add your first **Works with HomeKit** accessory, open the **`Home`** app, tap the **`Add`** button, then tap **`Add Accessory`**.

  
### [Original Source](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/use-iphone-for-your-daily-routines-iph556acc36f/16.0/ios/16.0)
