# Get started

Set up a few basic features before you start using your new iPhone.

[Setup basics ↗](/article/WD000002.md)

# Add a personal touch

Your iPhone can reflect your personal style and preferences. Showcase your favorite photos on the Lock Screen, add widgets to the Home Screen, adjust text size, ringtones, and more.

[Make your iPhone your own ↗](/article/WD000003.md)

The Camera screen in Photo mode, with other modes to the left and right below the viewfinder. The buttons for Flash, Night mode, Camera Controls, ProRaw, and Live Photo are at the top of the screen. Below the camera modes are, from left to right, the Photo and Video Viewer button, the Take Picture button, and the Camera Chooser Back-Facing button.

# Take your best shot

Use your iPhone to capture the moment, wherever you are. Learn how to take photos and videos on the fly, and use other camera features on your iPhone.

[Take great photos and videos ↗](/article/WD000004.md)

A Group FaceTime call with four participants; each participant appears in a separate tile.

# Stay connected

iPhone makes it easy to reach the people important to you. Add them to your contacts so you have their information everywhere you need it—then catch up with text messages, phone calls, or FaceTime.

[Keep in touch with friends and family ↗](/article/WD000005.md)

# All in the family

You and your family members can use Family Sharing to share app purchases, your location, and even health data. You can also set up parental controls to manage how children spend time on their devices.

[Share features with your family ↗](/article/WD000006.md)

# Simplify your day

Learn how to use the apps on your iPhone to direct you to the places you go most often, pay for your morning coffee, remind you of important tasks, and even lock your front door automatically when you leave home.

[Use iPhone for your daily routines ↗](/article/WD000007.md)
