# WD000005
### Updated By Tyler Smith 09-01-2023
#### Rating: 75%

# Keep in touch with friends and family
iPhone makes it easy to reach the people important to you—so you can catch up with phone or video calls and quickly text your group of friends.


## A smarter address book
---
Enter phone numbers, email addresses, birthdays, and more in the Contacts app  once, and you have them everywhere you need them—from Messages to FaceTime to Mail. You can also add contact information from another account (like Google or Yahoo).

**Go to `Settings > Contacts > Accounts`, then tap `Add Account`.**


## Choose your favorites
---
Add the people you talk to frequently to your Favorites list in the Phone app  to make them easier to reach.

In the Phone app, tap Favorites, tap the Add button, then choose a contact. To call a Favorite, just tap their name.


## Start a group conversation
---
You can send messages to a group of people you want to talk to all at the same time, like members of your family.

In the Messages app, tap the Compose button, type the names of the people you want to send a message to, then send the first message.


## Make a video call
---
You can use FaceTime to make video calls with your friends and family.

In the FaceTime app , tap New FaceTime near the top of the screen, type the name of the person you want to call, then tap the FaceTime button. During the call, you can tap the screen to show the FaceTime controls (in case you want to mute yourself, for example).


## Add people to a FaceTime call
---
You can add more people to a FaceTime call—friends and family can join at any time. Tap the screen to show the controls, tap the Info button, then tap Add People.


### [Original Source](https://support.apple.com/guide/iphone/keep-in-touch-with-friends-and-family-iph41060df75/16.0/ios/16.0)
