# WD000024: eSIM (Digital SIM card) Activation Steps
Updated by **Tyler Smith** on **10-02-2023**

1. Make sure your iPhone is connected to Wi-Fi and updated to the latest iOS. You can check for updates in Settings > General > Software Update.

2. Wait for a message asking you to activate a cellular plan. This should pop up on its own shortly after you set up your iPhone. If it does, just follow the instructions on the screen.

3. If you don’t get this message within 5 minutes, or if you want to activate your eSIM yourself, do the following:
   1. Open the Settings app.

   2. Tap on Activate Cellular Data Plan (you might find this under Apple ID). If it’s not there, go to Cellular.

   3. Find the option to add a new plan or activate eSIM. It might be called Add Cellular Plan or Add Data Plan. Follow the instructions on the screen.

   4. After you’ve activated it, your iPhone should connect to the T-Mobile network using the eSIM.

   5. If it asks for a QR code or Move from other iPhone, use the email below and include all the information it asks for.


**Having issues activating your eSIM?** 
Please visit T-Mobile’s “SIM card & eSIM” support page for additional guidance and troubleshooting: [https://www.t-mobile.com/support/devices/sim-esim](https://www.t-mobile.com/support/devices/sim-esim) **or** send an email to [NAM.MobileDeviceSupport@adidas.com](mailto:NAM.MobileDeviceSupport@adidas.com) and include your device EID, IMEI, ICC ID (If available) and assigned corporate phone number for priority support. This can be found by navigating to ```Settings > General > About```.
